## 12. Special Terms - Incentivised Testnet, Delegation and Staking

12.1 **Incentivised Testnet.** Company is testing and making available to Users a test rewards and incentivization mechanism which is intended to mimic the rewards and incentivization mechanism in the upcoming Shelley release (the "**Incentivized Testnet**"). Users may participate in the Incentivized Testnet by delegating their ada stake to their own stake pool or to a third party stake pool in exchange for a reward equivalent to a percentage of the proceeds generated by the stake pool ("**Reward**").

12.2 **Rewards.** The amount of Rewards a User may earn from delegation depends on various factors including, but not limited to, user participation, stakepool profit margins and the volume of ada being delegated. It is possible that delegation generates no Reward for a User due to the above-mentioned factors. Rewards are earned as of the start of the 3rd epoch on the Cardano blockchain. When the Incentivized Testnet is discontinued, any Rewards earned can be transferred back to the User’s Daedalus or Yoroi wallet.

12.3 **Delegation.** Users may delegate their stake to one of the various stake pools of the Company or to a third party stake pool. User will have the sole right to determine the volume to be delegated to a stake pool and may increase or decrease its level of participation at any time. Any information Company shares regarding stakepools, including performance metrics and Rewards, will be for indicative purposes only and may not be accurate. Users may only delegate their stake to a stake pool if their ada is in an updated Daedalus or an updated Yoroi wallet at the time of the setup process. User does not acquire any automatic right to Rewards as a result of delegating its stake.

12.4 **Company Stake-Pools.** The Company will operate various stake pools which will be visible in Yoroi or Seiza. The cost and network and server requirements to reliably operate such stake pools shall be determined by the Company in its sole discretion. Company will communicate the percentage amount of Reward to be shared with Users through the User’s Testnet Yoroi wallet. Rewards will accrue at the end of each epoch and will automatically appear in the User’s Testnet Yoroi wallet. Company will provide a dashboard detailing the Company’s staking performance to User.

12.5 **Redeeming Rewards.** User acknowledges and agrees that by redeeming Rewards in the Incentivised Testnet, User redeems TEST-ADA only, and that in order to redeem actual ada, User must repeat the procedure in the mainnet, once released. User shall be responsible for payment of all applicable taxes, if any, to which the Rewards might be subject and any and all other taxes which may apply to User once Rewards are redeemed.

12.6 **Tools.** Company will provide Users and stake pool operators certain tools designed to estimate the amount of Rewards a User may earn on the Incentivized Testnet. User understands that these tools are provided for illustrative purposes only and may not be accurate. Company does not promise that the Reward received will correspond to the amount indicated by the tools or by the stake pools.

12.7 **Prohibited Use.** User will not, and will not permit any other third party to use any device, software or routine to interfere with the proper function of the Incentivised Testnet. If there is a complaint or notice of violation, a User’s participation may be suspended without notice until resolved, and terminated if not resolved promptly.

12.8 **Warranty.** The Service are provided to User on an "as is" and "as available" basis and all warranties, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to the Service are hereby excluded. User acknowledges that the Incentivized Testnet may not operate properly and that it may contain errors, design flaws or other issues. User’s use of the Incentivized Testnet remains at User’s risk and discretion. EMURGO reserves the right to restart the Incentivised Testnet and reverse all or some Rewards in the case of errors and/or malicious behaviour in the system.

12.9 **Termination of the Incentivised Testnet.** User understands and agrees that Company may change, withdraw, terminate access to and/or discontinue the Incentivized Testnet (or any portion thereof) at any time and in its sole discretion. User may end participation in the Incentivized Testnet at any time and any Rewards gained up to that time will still be transferred to User’s Daedalus or Yoroi mainet wallet once the Incentivized Testnet is discontinued.

12.10 **Feedback.** Users may provide suggestions, comments or ideas and report issues or problems related to their use of the Incentivized Testnet at any time by using any of the official feedback channels.
